deployment.environment RUM value (#1414)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/apm/real-user-monitoring/configure-data-collection.md

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import Iframe from 'react-iframe';

To collect [traces](/docs/apm/traces) from a browser, you'll first need to create a RUM HTTP Traces Source. The source will have an endpoint URL that you'll put in a script that sends trace data in [OTLP/JSON over HTTP](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/master/specification/protocol/otlp.md#otlphttp) protocol.

:::sumo Micro Lesson

> See Real User Monitoring in action.

Author: ```suggestion
See RUM in action.
```

   ```
   * **Probabilistic sampling rate** (optional): Add a **Probabilistic sampling rate** for heavy traffic sites in a decimal value based on percentage, for example, 10% would be entered as `0.1`.
   * **Ignore urls** (optional): Add a list of URLs not to collect trace data from. Supports regex. For example: `/^https:\/\/www.tracker.com\/.*/, /^https:\/\/api.mydomain.com\/log\/.*/`. Please make sure provided URLs are valid JavaScript flavor regexes.

>    * **Custom Tags** (optional): Click **+Add** and enter a key and value for each **Custom Tags** to show in spans from instrumented browsers. *replace removed example with another one like internal.version=0.1.21* This information is saved in the script for `name_of_your_web_service`.

Reviewer: not sure what's going on here. I asked to provide new example not meant to place the text directly.

Author: Please my [reply on our thread about this](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation/pull/1414#discussion_r1087400182) asking for a specific example.

Author: Can you or @mat-rumian please provide a specific key/value I can use here as an example?

Reviewer: you can use `internal.version=0.1.21` as an example

>    * **Custom Tags** (optional): Click **+Add** and enter a key and value for each **Custom Tags** to show in spans from instrumented browsers. *replace removed example with another one like internal.version=0.1.21* This information is saved in the script for `name_of_your_web_service`.

Author: ```suggestion
   * **Custom Tags** (optional): Click **+Add** and enter a key and value for each **Custom Tags** to show in spans from instrumented browsers. As an example, you could enter a key of `internal.version` with a value of `0.1.21`. This information is saved in the script for `name_of_your_web_service`.
```
